Oh
welcome to football game plan calm where
football makes sense that memory hunters
are of the playbook bring you our NFL
week 10 preview between the st. Louis
Rams and the San Francisco 49ers now
let's take a look at some keys to
victory for both teams starting with the
Rams when I look at the Rams taking on
the Niners I look at situational
football for st. Louis one they have to
run the football that goes without
saying they can have some effectiveness
vs 49ers stout defense in front how they
can widen out that defense so look for
more three and four wire receiver sets
what that does it puts those linebackers
in a bind they're gonna have to really
fill those holes and also allows for
better cut back lanes and more quick
hitting plays for guys like Daryl
Richardson and Steven Jackson Richardson
has at home run speed now defensively
you look at the defensive end robert
quinn chrislam have to be vital why they
have to set the edge vs. the running
game the 49ers run a lot of power and
belly please and they're gonna pull
those guards set the edge put the
pressure and put the ball back in the
plate for your middle linebacker James
Laurinaitis and when you look at the
receiving corps I'm sorry the defensive
backs going against the 49ers receiving
corps they actually match up very well
so really it's about putting the Niners
and backed up situations and letting
those corners play tight press thus
putting pressure on the quarterback and
getting Alex meant to hold that football
just a little bit too long to where you
could possibly come away with some sex
moving over to the 49ers in this
ballgame and you look at the receiving
corps in the passing game as a whole I
think that's how the 49ers should open
up the ball game we know they can run
the football we know the Rams we try to
load that box up in force them in third
long situations so I will come out and
spread the football field working
Michael Crabtree working randomized
working those tight ends use the past
and set up the run because we all know
the party nights can lean on that
running game anytime they want to and
defensively you have to look at the
inside linebacker navorro bowman and
patrick willis why the Rams will try to
spread these guys out and run downhill
so it's up to those guys to fill the
holes quickly be aware of the couplings
you can't over for su vs. a team like
st. Louis otherwise it could be a long
day and when you look at the flanks how
can they better protect themselves in
the passing game vs
st. Louis Rams is simple they have to
make sure they don't allow those wide
receivers free release off the line of
scrimmage if they can do that and stay
on the interior they'll do a sound job
of playing excellent pass defense the
RAM is passing any will have to be an
x-factor they're going to have to come
out and show the point out that they can
make plays down the field vertically if
they can do that they'll find it a lot
easier to run the football and we look
at the Niners x factor I think the
nickel and dime corners will be
effective some of those guys will be
lined up on tight ends in certain
situations they're just gonna have to
win those battles and come away with
stops and getting off the football field
let's look at the personnel breakdown in
this ballgame and right now the Rams
passing attack has a lot to prove now
they've improved over the last couple of
games but this is a huge test for the
Barry style defense candy continue to
make plays we shall see but just on the
strength of this being a divisional
battle and the Rams being able to run
the football with the sound defense this
game will be very close I like the 49ers
in this ballgame when I look at their
passing attack vs the Rams passing
attack you can trust San Francisco to
make plays that are needed in the
passing game just to loosen up that box
in defensively I think they'll still be
aggressive they can go for wide and
spread the 49ers out but I still think
they will be able to get pressure with
their front three so i'll look for the
49 to win this ballgame and also want to
give a huge shout out to rams fan forms
and 49er fan forms for always showing
football game playing support